Repeat after me. I am a winner.
I am a winner.
I am a success.
I am Academy essentially sells you a
dream.
Invest into yourself, into your mind.
Empower yourself. Grow
someone who's never going to be a slave
to the corporate ladder. Who's never
going to have to work 9 to5 their whole
lives.
They say your network is your network.
It's not what you know, it's who you
know.
Stream from the rooftops. I didn't know
how big it was or how big it was going
to get.
I am the greatest trainer of all time.
This is all about look at my clothes.
Look at my lifestyle.
Talking about this house,
look at my travel
private jet.
I didn't really understand what I was
getting myself into. The police in Spain
has arrested eight people related to the
IM Academy, accused of fraud, misleading
advertising, and running a pyramidal
scheme.
This right here will help you create
fortunes if you allow it.
You tell me you have a vision
of being a billion dollar business.
You want to be a business that's going
to change people's lives, then you're
going to have to do what it takes.
And if you're not going to do that,
everybody's going to suffer.
[Music]
I've always been quite entrepreneurial.
We didn't have a crazy amount of money
growing up. I remember we used to
literally pick up secondhand TVs with
the big backs on them and just scrimp
and save to try and buy our first Xbox
and things like that. I had my first
child at the age of 16. I ended up
deciding not to go to college
because I wanted to work and provide for
my family.
I was like, "Wow, I need to make more
money." I started trading and I was just
losing money and I was losing losing
losing. I actually ended up losing all
of my savings.
I've always had that feeling that I'm
going to be successful and I wanted to
just keep pushing. Sometimes you have to
risk to to be able to get there. It was
at that point where someone reached out
to me from IM Academy.
If the markets are choppy, that means
you're not looking at the higher time
frame. So, I took that as an opportunity
and jumped straight right in.
[Music]
Me wanting to be an entrepreneur just
came from me being young and and not
really having anything. I didn't come
from money. My dad was kind of the one
that, you know, put me in school and
made sure I kept my head on straight
and, you know, played sports. So,
growing up, I wanted to go to the NFL,
right? That was my long-term dream. I
wanted to have nice things. Want to have
a big house. Want to have a nice car.
I ended up giving up football
due to injury. Once I stopped playing
football, my passion for going to school
kind of went with it.
I don't want to be the person who keeps
having to depend on my parents to help
me out because I was a full-time student
athlete.
Like I said, I wanted to have a lot of
money, but I didn't know how I was going
to do that without playing football.
My best friend at the time kind of
brought me into IM Academy.
I definitely seen as opportunity where I
could make a lot of money. I can always
go back to school. I can't go back and
make money.
I came across IM Academy. I think it was
in 2021. This was part of a trend of
companies that sprung up or did really
well during the pandemic selling trading
lessons to retail customers.
Early on, IM Academy was more focused on
specific trading lessons around foreign
exchange markets. Forex means foreign
exchange and it refers to the foreign
exchange rates. So, the changes in
currencies between two countries.
I could see that IM Academy had all
these sort of social media influencers
that were posting pictures of themselves
uh at gorgeous villas around the world
uh driving really expensive cars,
wearing the best suits.
For $250, you can join the company and
then for another $250 you can pay for
that first month subscription to the
online trading lessons.
Welcome to IM Mastery Academy. IM
Academy is an online digital education
platform united by the pursuit of
potential and growth.
If you join IM Academy, you'll learn to
trade online. You'll make money trading
online and you'll become rich.
So, in terms of price, we don't really
you're buying a Lamborghini for the
price of a Chevrolet. Mhm.
But I always tell people, learn, take
the time, don't rush to being wealthy.
The founder of IM Academy is a man
called Chris Terry.
He has this whole presence on social
media that makes him look like an
incredibly successful businessman.
He also shows himself as kind of a
philanthropist who wants to spread the
wealth and and and teach others the
stuff he's learned. You have to change
your energy from who you are to a
billionaire mindset.
I started with uh Chris Terry because
Chris had called and said, "Look, I need
someone to help me uh be able to get my
story out there correctly."
What I ended up doing was going to Vegas
to interview Chris and to set with him
uh for almost a full day watching how he
traded.
Hey folks, Troy Douly the Beachside CEO
except I happened to be in Vegas with
Mr. Christopher Terry.
So we went up to his suite. I could see
all of Vegas.
Beautiful. We're having a blast. It was
a meticulous place.
I've been trading here for 20 years. I
grew up in the Bronx. Bronx, New York.
Working past family, construction
family. I guess everybody in New York,
every guy's family worked in
construction at some point.
All the movies are like that.
Irish and Italian, you know.
And he decided since the rich people
made money trading money that he was
going to learn how to trade money.
From there, in the mid '9s, I found
trading. I was looking construction. I
was looking at the um trading arena. I
was like, "Okay, how can I mix and match
something?" And when I realized I can
start another business in the trading
arena to educate people,
why not create a network marketing model
and marry the two industries together?
I felt that he was genuine. I felt that
what he was telling me and how he was
showing me uh was dead on.
Watch this. Let's click here. You see
the pattern?
Yep.
Click here. See the pattern?
Mhm.
I see it.
You see the pattern again?
Do you get the point?
I do very much so.
Chris's ambition was to be able to have
a million people that were on the
platform using it. He wanted to be a
billiondoll business.
He wanted he wanted to be able to to
really be at the top of his game and
that was his goal.
Think about it. I'm teaching you I've
made tens of millions in trading. I'm
teaching you to be successful in
trading. You're your own independent
business owner free from everybody. Try
doing that in another company.
[Laughter]
You log on, you learn. You apply, you
make money. If you don't learn and you
don't apply, you don't make money.
Since going ahead and being in this
journey for the past 5 years, it hasn't
just been about what it is that I can
do, right? It's been what it is that I
can teach.
If I'm being honest, I I'll say the the
biggest thing the IM Academy had that
appealed to me was the people.
For a lot of us, this is going to be our
only opportunity of becoming a
millionaire. Literally,
a lot of people look like me. They were
African-American. Um, they were
entrepreneurs. So, you know, coming from
the space where I come from, you don't
really see that too much unless you're a
ball player, a rapper, right? All the
stereotypical stuff.
We're talking about generational curses
being broken,
right? We talking about all all the
bondage, the financial bondage that our
families have been in for years,
thinking that they can't be rich unless
they get a job. And that don't work
either.
My mom always used to tell me, "Show me
your friends and I'll show you your
future." So, the majority of people that
were doing these things were literally
posting thousands and thousands in
profits. They were posting their new
cars. They were posting new watches. And
everyone's making money.
The craziest thing about all this is
it's all Forexf funed.
They were making videos of them in their
little groups and everyone was making
profit.
IM would host events all around the
world.
Nobody this planet could take from you
is the ability to think. You have a
trillion dollar brains.
[Music]
[Applause]
Vegas,
Fort Lauderdale, Texas.
Opportunity.
The atmosphere of the events are super
positive, super upbeat.
I went to an event in Roderdam in the
Netherlands and there were maybe 15,000
people there.
What's up, Rodam?
We're lighting this thing on fire.
Being at the event is absolutely insane
to be honest that it's almost like going
to your favorite musicians concert.
Like an almost religious experience.
How many you know in your heart you're a
champion?
I was always the brokeest guy there.
Excuses make the vision to the reality.
I remember the first event I actually
went to, I borrowed the money for my
ticket to Vegas.
I didn't know where I was going to stay.
I had no money for food.
They were doing $1
breakfast rolls at McDonald's and I
bought loads of $1 breakfast rolls with
the rest of my money. And I literally
would go to the event with breakfast
rolls in my pocket and just eat that for
the day. Um, and if I had to stand
outside of the venue and just feed off
the energy of people walking in and out,
I was just going to do that.
[Applause]
He makes you feel like you want to be a
part of his vision.
[Applause]
And you also believe it.
[Music]
He called himself daddy and he called
everyone in the stadium his kids
on stage. So he was almost like
chastising them. They're
my children. Okay. So
when he came to one of the events in the
UK, he asked everyone in the audience.
He said, "Put your hand up if you spent
your last penny getting here. This lady
put her hand up and he brought her up on
stage and literally just gave her
$10,000." And it was crazy to see cuz he
is someone that genuinely cares.
You have to show more love than ever to
your team. More support than ever.
Most of the people that I knew were on
benefits. They were living in council
houses.
[Music]
We weren't surrounded by money like
that. So hearing all these stories of
people making millions and being able to
do whatever they want, that was just
absolutely insane to me.
The top leaders at IM Academy besides
the CEO are these very like appealing
characters.
Make sure you network in this room.
Who are really good at portraying
themselves as self-made entrepreneurs.
Time to go on a value driven market
who aren't slaves to the 9-to-five
corporate job.
These people and these leaders, they
were kind of like celebrities within the
business.
They had four or five top promoters at
the time that would would emulate really
what Chris did.
We honor you. We we respect you. We love
you.
They have built this giant passionate
following of people that will follow
them. And they brought all of those
people in.
See so many of you guys live, locked in,
loaded. Chris's motivation is I can
collapse the time frame of building a
billion-dollar business if I can bring
tens of thousands at a time into my
business. And that's that was the
motivation for bringing those leaders in
and and rightfully so.
Use it, sell it, and share it. It's not
that hard, right?
It wasn't possible for for the company
to grow as big as it did without the use
of young people using social media to
blast it everywhere. Another
thing that you're taught, and this is a
saying that I absolutely hate, but it's
fake it till you make it. We didn't
necessarily call it fake it till you
make it. The phrase that we would use
was act as if you are already.
And what we meant by that was if you are
not already a chairman, carry yourself
like you are and you one day will be
one. Whether it be the way that you
dress, the way that you talk, the way
you carry yourself, mannerisms, it's
not about the money.
That that's more.
They say don't tell people exactly what
you're making. Just kind of fake the
lifestyle. Pretend that you're doing
well because it piques people's
interest.
So, a lot of people would literally go
out and rent cars and rent whatever they
can to um try and have this crazy
lifestyle to be able to promote to other
people. But the reality is off the
screens they're just living average
lifestyles.
I was concerned because of the stuff I'd
seen already. It almost sounded like,
hey, if you just get into our business,
you're going to get rich is is what it
is. Marketers are marketers. They want
to be able to say whatever they want,
whether it's the truth or not.
IM Academy is teaching you to trade
everything. So you can trade shares, you
can trade cryptocurrencies
and then often you'll receive what's
called signals which are informations of
whether a price is going to go up or
down. So these are kind of predictions
from other traders.
So here you get the signal. See that you
get a chart on your screen. You could
like it or decline it. If you decline,
it disappears. If you like it, you swipe
it and gives you two charts. For
instance, you can look at this chart.
You can look at that chart.
It was a time I remember specifically,
we just ran out of Airbnb. We got a
bunch of people in the team to kind of
trade together and, you know, spend the
weekend together.
We were trading Bitcoin and we were all
up anywhere from $200 up to $2,000.
The trade was going in profit. Everybody
was making money.
[Music]
Whoever gave us that signal was telling
us to stay in and and not to get out too
soon. There was a a gut feeling that I
had to want to pull out and just keep
the money that I had.
[Music]
But I was like, man, if I pull out and
this thing keeps going up and all my
peers, you know, go off to make 2 3 4 5
$6,000 tonight and I'm sitting over
here, you know, stuck in my $600, I'm
going to be upset.
So, I just stayed in.
Sure enough, it start to pull back
and it start to go down
and we all started to lose money slowly.
Those who were up $2,000. Now you're
down a,000.
Now you're down five.
Now you're down to your last 100.
And now you're negative. So then now the
whole account is blown.
Trading in forex or cryptocurrency.
That's one of the riskiest thing you can
do. Those markets are incredibly
volatile. When you're trading and you're
given some advice, it's really hard to
follow because the information changes
so quickly. Around the world, there are
banks and hedge funds that hire
incredibly experienced uh software
engineers to run incredibly developed
algorithms to predict how a price will
evolve. And when you compare those
strategies, you can see there's a huge
gap there.
Number one, we don't take investments.
Number two, we don't get commissions
from trading. So with all these things
put together, that keeps us legal and
compliant. We don't need a license.
We're exempt for the facts. You control
your own accounts where you put it and
you could walk shut.
Just an educational ex.
Exactly.
To provide trading advice or investment
advice, you need to be regulated in a
country as a broker or as a financial
adviser. Chris Terry has never
registered as a broker.
Important. That's important. Starbucks
matra. That's important. Okay.
He has a criminal record for being
involved in organized crime in the 80s
and 90s.
[Music]
A lot of them at IM Academy don't have
any formal educational background either
in trading or in finance. And some of
them have a background of taking part in
alleged pyramid schemes.
[Music]
Realistically, nobody that we knew was
going to become a multi-millionaire from
trading alone.
I didn't tell you you're making seven
figures from trading. You're going to
make seven figures from this side. And
I'm not afraid to say it,
but I'm not going to lie. I don't
personally know a million dollar trader.
Yes, you have to pay $250 up front, but
if you can find two friends that are
willing to do it as well, then your fee
is is now waved. So, that was kind of
what I was told straight away, like,
let's try and get your two friends on
the next call.
Enroll, you know, a couple family
members and a friend who are already
going to ask you about it because you're
doing it.
When your eyes open up tomorrow, do not
shut them and go to bed until you either
prospect five new people or 10 new
people. What does that mean? getting
their names, getting their numbers,
getting their Instagram handles, ask
questions, let them know you're busy.
Okay? And then you hit them with a
punch. What's the punch? Hey man, if I
can show you a way to make enough money
part time, would you take a look at
something?
IM Academy pays people commissions based
on how many recruits they brought into
the company.
Plus, you're learn you're learning about
history, you're learning about math.
You're actually learning a skill where
you can multiply your money. You can
make a whole lot more money if you
recruit a whole lot more people. This is
the multi-level marketing structure of
the business.
What we call multi-level marketing or
MLM. It's basically just a sales channel
where anyone can get in the business. If
you make sales or your team makes sales,
then everybody wins. I started in this
business when I was 5 years old. My mom
was a Tupperware rep and went to the top
in that business in the 60s.
If somebody's going to really succeed at
it is they've got to have a an honesty.
They've got to be willing to let people
know this is hard work.
99% of the people in IM Academy are
making their money through recruiting
over trading. Like if I enroll a new
person, I'd rather them go talk to 50
people in the next 72 hours than a
person a day for 55 days, right? Because
success loves speed.
These teach you to trade. It's about
recruiting. That that's it. It's about
recruiting.
I think trading is something that takes
a long time. It's something that is very
difficult. When people start seeing a
paycheck every single month by inviting
other people, there is no reason for
them to continue trading anymore.
For every new person that you bring in,
there's the incentive that you might
reach a certain rank within the company.
So if I say platinum 150, that's $150 a
month. If I say platinum 5,000, that's
$5,000 a month. And then it goes all the
way up to chairman 750, which is
$750,000 a month.
[Applause]
David.
So, it's really hard for a single person
to recruit 70,000 people on their own.
But what you can do is you can train the
people that you've brought in to recruit
people themselves and then they can
train people to recruit other people.
Moses if you're in a telegram chat
if you're in an iMessage chat right
some of the people would also talk about
just DMing as many people as possible
the way we were talking on social media
was just like very like upbeat very very
hype um
a lot of that stuff got
a lot of stuff got really corny
hey how are you just wanted to ask what
you do for a as I've got this
opportunity.
Do you want to uh be a 9 to5 your whole
life or you want to build your own
business?
Some people would say, "Oh, like I'm
struggling at the moment or or I'm
looking for work or I I need an
opportunity." And I'm like, "Oh, great.
Well, should we jump on the court?"
[Applause]
I am absolutely so excited and I can
tell you guys now I quit my job within 2
weeks because I I genuinely believe that
this was a company that could set me
free. Um and now I spend all of my time
with my children
trading forex and helping my team grow
as well. Let's go.
[Applause]
I can see how other people from the
outside looking in. It came off like
like blink twice if you're okay.
In early 2020, maybe they had a quarter
of a million subscribers and then by
2022 they had closer to half a million.
It's like a matrix. We're all like
intertwined. Have everybody working
together synergistically.
It's something that's never been done
before. I'm sorry. It's and people are
really happy.
In 2021, IM Academy published their own
income disclosure statement and in it
they admit that 94% of the people who
joined IM Academy that year, they made
less in a year than what they paid for
their subscription. But 0.05% of people,
that would be the people at the very top
of the structure, earned on average $1.4
$4 million that year. Just selling a bad
product in itself isn't illegal. And
having a company structure that's mostly
encouraging people to make money from
commissions also isn't illegal, but it
has been able to fight off pyramid
scheme allegations over time.
Almost every compliance challenge I had
had to do with income claims being made
from the top promoters in the field is
you can't just promise people it's
always going to go up. So if you guys
want to tell people you can become rich,
you want to show them your lifestyle,
then you've got to explain to them you
had a lot of failures, your investment
trades weren't always positive, you've
lost money. None of them wanted to do
that.
[Music]
Usually before too long, Chris would
call me and say, "Hey, is there any way
we can still let them do that?" And I'd
say, "No, Chris, you can't have them do
that. If you do, we're opening the door
to regulators and we're opening the door
to critics."
So, we know that in 2023, the FDC was
actively investigating IM Academy for
deceptive or unfair actions.
I'm mortified by the lifestyle claims
that we have. We're going to end up
getting shut down by the feds. Horrible.
What's going on out there? It's not a
good thing. If you tell me you have a
vision of being a billion-dollar
business, you want to be a business
that's going to change people's lives,
then you're going to have to do what it
takes. And that means you've got some
guidelines. It doesn't matter if we like
those guidelines from the regulators or
not. That's the law.
I love you guys.
[Music]
[Applause]
Hit the stage. Hit the stage. Hit the
best stage.
If you guys know that this year is the
best year of your life and you know that
you're told to bring the next person,
bring the next person, bring the next
person.
You're brainwashed into this is
something that is life-changing. It can
be something that's life-changing if you
bring more people.
What that allows the company to do is to
tell people if you're failing right now,
it's your fault. It's because you're not
projecting wealth enough. It allows them
to also isolate you from the people you
know because they'll say stuff like you
need to surround yourself with wealthy
people if you want to become wealthy and
wealthy people that you know are IM
Academy traders.
Anybody who comes at you, that's the
mountain, the mountain of negative.
So stop talking to your family, they're
losers. And now you have to start
climbing up.
And the people that you left behind are
throwing rocks at your back. Grabbing
your shoes.
Stop talking to your friends.
Anytime there's a negative energy around
you, say go.
Like break up with your boyfriend if he
doesn't believe in you
and fend for yourself and don't care
what the other half is telling you.
And instead hang out only with the
people in IM Academy.
But then the reality is quite different.
Through the Freedom of Information Act
in the US, I was able to access all the
complaints filed to the CFTC about IM
Academy.
And what I found was that more than a
thousand complaints were filed in 2020
alone.
These complaints were coming from all
over the world. People
from Nigeria all the way to the
Philippines were reporting having fallen
for the company's promises.
[Applause]
They had lost their life savings to IM
Academy. Some people had ended up in the
hospital after breaking down from the
pressure of trying to constantly recruit
new members. A lot of people were saying
that they felt they had been
brainwashed. Some people said they were
part of a Christian community and people
had used their faith against them. Their
whole lives had been kind of turned
upside down, devastated for all the
money they'd lost.
I am a winner. They're inspired by the
person on the stage, but the person on
the stage doesn't care about the people
that are the rank and file. They're just
numbers that that represent dollar
figures in their own pocket.
Chris Terry acted with his lawyers in a
number of ways. He's sued people who've
left IM Academy to start their own
businesses. He's sued people who've
dared to say negative things about him
online.
[Music]
Today I believe that Chris has made it
with the houses, the condos. Why the
people that are in the rank and file,
they watch their dreams dashed again.
[Music]
I'm talking about this house.
They gave me my life back.
Back in August of 2020, there was like a
big mansion in Atlanta where they were
going to host pretty much an event for
all the chairmans and I was able to get
invited to that even though I wasn't a
chairman.
The mansion was nice. It was probably
the biggest um residential house I've
ever set foot in.
They had armed security walking around
the place. Um you know, they had people,
you know, supposedly having having to
sign NDAs and stuff before you go in.
They had uh private chefs there, you
know, to feed us food.
Those chairman who were running the
mansion, you know, event, you know, they
got on the phone or got on a live call.
we actually have a uh a surprise
breaking news type of new, you know,
type of thing. And they said, "Hey, for
anybody who can get here in the next 24
hours, you know, go ahead and come on
over."
So, it's for tomorrow, we're opening up
this house.
The next day is when all the people
started to show up during that morning
and everybody got stopped at the gate.
We're sitting outside arguing with
security on how they were told to come
here. Security trying to keep them out.
So, there's a whole bunch of commotion
at the gate. The chairman are panicking
because they didn't realize that this
many people would actually show up on
such short notice. People were, you
know, driving hours to come. People were
taking booking last minute flights,
overnight flights to try to get there in
time. The overall decision was to get
some other Airbnbs in different
locations. Send those people there. You
went from this mansion, this
million-dollar mansion that everybody's
at. Now you get other Airbnbs to these
Airbnbs are like in the ghetto. Like a
lot of people are pissed off.
The second house hour out, middle of
nowhere, but it's it's best like that,
you know? me seeing that for the first
time from the inside. I didn't like that
at all. You like wake up for a second.
You kind of have that moment where it's
like, "Oh, okay." Like once you start to
see how people really are now, I'm not
I'm not taking crap. So, I'm going to
start speaking up.
Why do we stop Forex? Um cuz we was we
was we was we was 10 toes in.
10 toes in.
We was locked in. We was
Can't tell me nothing.
Couldn't tell me nothing.
A year a year and a half ago. Mhm.
For me, it was a matter of I felt like I
was manipulated and I also felt like the
people in leadership were also
manipulating other people too.
The IM Academy is is trash.
I actually had nightmares nightmares
because for for months after leaving the
company,
majority of these people are
brainwashed.
The the black community is traumatized
by this company. Okay? Like this company
is reallyed up. If you're telling
people, hey, you could join IM Academy
and you can make $2,000 this week. Is it
possible? Yes. But is it probable? No.
So, don't tell them that. We tried to
patch up the boat, but if you know the
captains didn't want to patch up the
boat, they didn't want to take the holes
that we seen seriously. All right. Well,
that's the one that's going to sink the
ship. And that's exactly what happened.
The police in Spain has arrested eight
people related to the IM Academy accused
of fraud, misleading advertising and
running a pyramidal scheme.
I'm like, how could it be a pyramid? I'm
the only one in it. I'm at the top. I'm
not at the bottom.
There have been a number of arrests in
Europe.
I'm the guy at the bottom. I'm the top.
Financial authorities around the world
have issued warnings saying, "No, this
company is not regulated to give
financial advice.
There was a lot of complaints.
If you're not going to be ethical, then
we're going to cut ties.
I'm not going to do business with people
that will not abide by their word. And
that's when I left.
When I came into this, I genuinely
believed that if I recruited other
people, I was giving them an
opportunity. I was sort of naive to it
because I wanted to believe it so badly.
[Music]
I think it says something about our
society that someone who runs a company
that has so many red flags is still able
to operate and build an entire following
and still be out there doing what he
does without any repercussions.
[Music]
Money just really exposes who you
already are. So whatever qualities you
have about yourself that are positive or
negative,
money just puts exclamation point on all
of it.
[Music]